According to the quiz, I am primarily a visual learner at 45%. Followed by Auditory at 35%, and lastly Tactile at 20%.
I would say this is accurate, because I definitely prefer visual learning, but I'm also capable of taking in information other ways. 
So, even if I skew towards visual, it's not so much that I can't do anything else.
I was always one of those people who would write down every single thing on a PowerPoint slide when taking notes in class. 
I wouldn't summarize either, it would be word for word what was on the slide. 
That method worked for me though, because writing it down once was enough for me to remember it. 
I would write my notes during class, then I would never look at them again, and I would do just fine on tests. 
That was because when I needed to remember the answer to a question, in my mind I could picture what the exact page in my notes with the answer on it looked like. 
However, that method is actually a combination of tactile (writing it down) and visual (remembering the image of the page). 
And I think that reflects what is actually more accurate. I don't think anyone falls completeley into one category. 
I think people use a combination of the methods and don't even realize it, and the exact combination depends on what type of task they are learning. 
Different people are stronger in one category and weaker than another, but overall they can all utilize each in different circumstances. 
I actually think my personal ideal would be to have a little of all three at once. 
Overall, I don't know if learning styles are a super important distinction to have. 
I think if it helps people understand themselves better, it can help on a personal level. 
But I don't think it really matters that much in the classroom. 
As a visual learner, I still had to do things in class that required me to use tactile skills or auditory skills, and I was able to adapt when need be. 
I think most people can adapt if they need to, and it's probably better to have a wider range of possibilities than limiting oneself to one specific method. 

Here are my results from the website: 

Auditory: 35%
Tactile: 20%
Visual: 45%

Visual
As a visual learner you grasp information through reading or visual aids and remember by sight. You prefer visual learning methods and are neat and clean. Visualizing concepts is natural for you, and you might close your eyes for recall. When bored, you seek visual stimuli but may struggle with spoken directions and get distracted by sounds. Richly visual content, including colorful imagery and vivid stories, attracts your attention.

Here are some things that visual learners like you can do to learn better:

Sit near the front of the classroom. (It won't mean you're the teacher's pet!)
Have your eyesight checked on a regular basis.
Use flashcards to learn new words.
Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.
Write down key words, ideas, or instructions.
Draw pictures to help explain new concepts and then explain the pictures.
Color code things.
Avoid distractions during study times.
Remember that you need to see things, not just hear things, to learn well.
